>> Jen Kramer: So, to this now,
we can work on our styling.
And if we go to Part 2 here,
as it's gonna say we're gonna work,
of course, on our mobile dimensions and
then our desktop dimensions.
And I will walk you through all of that.
That's where you find the code pens.
The images are up here at the top.
So we're gonna start by doing a layout
that looks like this for mobile.
So we wanna have the image on the top,
we wanna have the text underneath.
[COUGH] However,
if we take a look at our HTML,
you'll notice the way that our project is
set up is that the text is on the top and
the images underneath,
we want the reverse for mobile, okay?
Now, why did we do it this way?
Couldn't we just take the image and
just cut the image?
We could take just like this, we could
drop the image right here inside of
our code, and then definitely our
image will be on top of our text.
We could do that.
However, what we wanna do is
think about search engines and
accessibility once again.
And in this case,
what I'd like to do is lead with
all of the text that describes
the project and finish with the image.
So, what I can do then is, using grid, I
can swap those to go in a different order.
So, I've actually got the HTML
in the order that I want,
which a screen reader or
Google will wind up reading this page,
it is in the order that I want it in,
okay?
So, just something to keep in mind.
All right, so
let's write a little bit of CSS then, and
I'm gonna scroll on down to just before my
media query, and I can add a comment here.
This is my project section.
>> Jen Kramer: And
then let's add some CSS.
So, where I'm gonna start
is with my main element.
And I'm going to give it
a little bit of margin and
align my content in the center once again,
cuz for mobile devices.
So margin-top, 5rem,
margin-bottom 3rem, and
text-align center, right?
So, that is starting us off.
Just those three little styles starts
us off getting this all together.
Now we can focus on each one
of the projects individually.
And remember that our projects
have a class called project,
that's for each individual project.
So from practical CSS layouts to
the bottom of the image is our project.
So we can give this
a background color of white.
>> Jen Kramer: Because each
of our projects has a bit of
a background color in our design here.
>> Jen Kramer: We'll give it some padding,
let's say 3rem.
We'll give it our border radius.
>> Jen Kramer: Which, remember,
we had set up as a variable, corners.
>> Jen Kramer: So that's a pretty
good start right there, yeah?
We have our white background,
just take us many styles either.
Look at that,
we wrote main in project and a lot of
the styling is already there in place.
So, our text is all centered.
We, of course, need to spend some
time styling our techniques here, and
we have the image right underneath.
But what we don't have is we don't have
space in between each one of these
projects.
And the space in between these would
be helpful to give us a little bit of
separation between those.
Also, we'll need to give
ourselves a little bit
of space in between our tags and
our image as well.
So let's do that first
between our tags and
our image,
let's add a little bit of space.
And we'll do that with display
grid, grid-template-columns,
1fr, and gap, 3rem.
So, that'll give us now some space in
between all of our text and our image.
So, next is our projects are all
a little bit close together, and
I am going to give that a little
bit of separation as well.
So that's our class of project,
and we'll give that,
oops, sorry, projects, plural.
And here I'll give this a display,
flex, flex-flow.
We'll put it in a column so
that they're stacked on top of each other.
And I'm gonna say no wrap,
because I never want these to wrap.
I don't want the columns
to wrap next to each other,
I want them to be in a column forever.
And then finally,
we can give them a gap of 3rem.
So now we've got our little projects
all stacked on top of each other,
looking pretty good.